Good afternoon!

 

I wanted to take the time to reach out and remind you that this Sunday is the last day of your current course. This means your final project is due at Midnight on Sunday. Late assignments will not be accepted and grades will be finalized Monday morning. 

 

Here are a few things you can do to ensure you finish your project by the deadline:

 

Dedicate ample time to work on it this week. Don't wait until Sunday morning to start it. Doing this will put you at risk of not getting timely help on Sunday. Try to start your final project no later than Friday. Remember, this course takes at least 20 hours per week to be successful.
Come up with a game plan. Sit down and plan out what you want/need to accomplish each day in order to give yourself enough time on the final project. Try to allot at least 2 days for the final then work backwards from there. Work ahead. Try and get your Wednesday lessons done by Tuesday to give yourself an extra day to work on the final lessons and project.
Attend your one-on-one. This is your chance to get personal, one on one help and guidance. Come prepared with questions.
Use the Fullstackweb channel. Mentors and your peers are willing and ready to help you. Remember to post meaningful questions with enough information on what you have tried and what errors you are receiving. Posting a screenshot will save a lot of time!
Attend or watch the workshops. Instructors and Senior Mentors have taken the time to prepare material that mirrors what you are learning in your course this week. Do everything you can to attend the live workshop so you can ask questions.
 

“Nobody plans to fail. They just fail to plan.”—Anon.

 

I am willing and ready to help you in any way that I can this week to help you pass this course. You have a lot of resources at your disposal! You can do this!

 

 

Your personal mentor and cheerleader, 


Rick Cohen  | Full Stack Web Developer

Connect with me on Slack!

Slack Username: Rick.Cohen.Mentor

Hours: Wednesday - Saturday 10am - 8pm Arizona Time

EM: rick.cohen@woz-u.com

O: 512-643-9617